hi everyone right got a couple of things
to show you now
hey I've made one of these you know I
love making these little dresses and um
Chris Larson do you know what that's
made from take a good look it has been
colored it is metal it's a swimming
costume when I saw it I thought oh I'll
make another one of them dresses so what
I've done is I've used the alcohol inks
on the bodice itself and then I've used
the stairs on in blue blinged it up and
stairs use the stairs on again on the
bling that was your silver bling this
was a flower from the tiger did the
other night and these are the feathers
and then I put two little flowers in the
tops where the holes were for the Brad's
just to get a little bit of a difference
in color but look what you think to that
then a ball gown so there you go
that's that you had an idea for that and
I do have to announce now and this is
Lydia the Lydia flower Lydia I promised
you that I would design and make you a
flower and when Chris sent me this today
I knew that was a perfect thing to use
for your flower and this is it this is
the Lydia flower and what I've done I've
used the material take the wine out of
both sides and hand-stitched it I do
have to put a buck on for you sweetheart
oops sorry and then I've got some of
this like double-sided list that you can
actually thread through but I didn't
want to do that I wanted out of the
background for the middle and center
piece so what I've done is I've gathered
that one up as well pop the little bling
in the middle of flower bling
to purely you've got three different
shades of blue here because I like it
like that it pops a pearl in the middle
of that flat back pearl I've added and
what I've made you this I'm not sure if
you can see it it is a stunning stick
pin and this is like a crackle glass to
turn bead and then what I've done sorry
put in the feather the blue feather and
then I've used the small pearl and so
I've got the Monday off like that I have
got you pat while I'm doing your parcels
please please bear with me because I'm a
lots of things on at the moment um all
the parcels going out that's going out
this week or this this month there were
no more parcels going out until well a
couple of weeks at least and then the
next one will go out but let me just fix
this up because these marabou feathers
absolutely gorgeous in it I get them
from a lady in Wales and the perfect
she's reasonably priced I'll get the
website and let you see it but look
isn't that stunning
so that Lydia is now beautiful profile
look got a ruffle on that that is the
Lydia flower so there you go a Lydia one
named after you
as promised and thanks for watching bye